Updated to Docker README (#594)
SyneRBI/SIRF-SuperBuild: docker/README.md

even docker-image upgrades. You should therefore remove the contents of
`SIRF-SuperBuild/docker/devel` if you want to really start afresh.

### Creating a container providing a Linux *CLI* with SIRF
The default "CLI" images provide an Ubuntu environment with the SuperBuild built (see [Tags](#tags)) as a convenient environment.

#### Using a Linux or MacOS CLI
Build/pull the image:
```bash
# Either:
SIRF-SuperBuild/docker$ docker pull synerbi/sirf
# Or:
SIRF-SuperBuild/docker$ ./sirf-compose build core sirf
```

For easier file and window sharing, use the provided script, `sirf-compose`, which calls `docker-compose` but handles the host user's ID and some environment variables.

We can now create a container.

```bash
SIRF-SuperBuild/docker$ ./sirf-compose up --no-start sirf
```

Here, `--no-start` delays actually starting the container.
We can now use this interactively, by starting the containder with flags `-ai`.
```bash
SIRF-SuperBuild/docker$ docker start -ai sirf
(py2) sirf:~$ gadgetron >> /dev/null &  # we are free to use tools like Gadgetron

> (py2) sirf:~$ python SIRF-SuperBuild/SIRF/examples/Python/MR/fully_sampled_recon.py  # or SIRF

Reviewer: I don't think I would say this. They need to launch `gadgetron` before doing (MR) SIRF. These mods don't make that clear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(py2) sirf:~$ gadgetron >> /dev/null &  # launch Gadgetron as a "background" process
(py2) sirf:~$ python SIRF-SuperBuild/SIRF/examples/Python/MR/fully_sampled_recon.py  # run a SIRF demo
```

Reviewer: actually, that line didn't work!
```suggestion
(py2) sirf:~$ gadgetron >> /dev/null &  # launch Gadgetron as a "background" process
(py2) sirf:~$ python $SIRF_PATH/examples/Python/MR/fully_sampled_recon.py  # run a SIRF demo
```

(py2) sirf:~$ exit
```

The first line starts the `sirf` docker container.

> The second line starts `gadgetron` within the container as a background process (optional, but needed for using Gadgetron of course).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second line starts `gadgetron` within the container as a background process (optional, but needed for using Gadgetron, i.e. most SIRF MR functionality, of course).
```
